---
title: 'Celebrations'
date: '2019-12-21'
category: 'Prose'
preview: 'We, as humans, are forever looking for reasons to let go of everything and celebrate, right? Celebrate with lessons taught to us by life, to help better ourselves for whatever reason we’re here for or plainly put, maybe just to puff off the undesired tension around.
I, like most people, love celebrations. This practice of acknowledgement, of appreciation, of loosening up, does things to our otherwise overworked and crippling spirits.'
---

We, as humans, are forever looking for reasons to let go of everything and celebrate, right? Celebrate with lessons taught to us by life, to help better ourselves for whatever reason we’re here for or plainly put, maybe just to puff off the undesired tension around.
I, like most people, love celebrations. This practice of acknowledgement, of appreciation, of loosening up, does things to our otherwise overworked and crippling spirits. I once read, there’s only one thing constant in life- change. And life without this much needed element would be boring and perhaps even tiring. Celebrations come with the excuse to bring about these occasional alterations, breaking up the monotone and jazzing up merriment.This is why I love the idea of birthdays and anniversaries. It’s this annual fest of loosening up with your closest pals. I understand the very idea of celebrations is relative. I also realize we, you and I, come from different backgrounds and so, we hold different equations describing this same concept.
Expression is such a necessary tool for the functioning of any sort of bond yet, it is often overlooked. We fail to realize that no person, known or unknown, is a mind reader. We require hints to decode each other- hints hinting and exploring the chest of emotions within one. For the longest time, I feared expressing my raw excitement, gratefulness and joy of having someone as part of my life. I don’t really know where and when the roots to this inhibition was planted. I’ve learnt recently that acknowledgement and appreciation for your dearest is integral for any bond to last. Life in broad sense, seems to be a journey of learning and unlearning, learning again and unlearning again. Today, I’m unlearning this inhibition and learning to truly express myself, at least to my closest and celebrate life’s most tiny yet beautiful moments with them.