---
title: 'Distance'
date: '10-11-2019'
category: 'Poem'
preview: 'Next.js has two forms of pre-rendering: **Static Generation** and **Server-side Rendering**. The difference is in **when** it generates the HTML for a page.'
---

Human bonds are one of the most romanticised nodes of life, right? Marinated over time with giggles and tears, comfort and discomfort, liberation and bondage, this construct demanding an emotional devotion from both ends has forever intrigued me. Being communal beings, none of us are spared of this celebrated norm. I stand as no different.
I consider myself a relatively weaker being. Weaker in terms of these chemicals flushing inside us, perhaps overpowering everything- emotions. Over the years, like most of you, I’ve managed to rack up a couple of treasured bonds under my name, claiming it must and will last until whatever or whenever eternity is. And over various passing time frames, I learnt everything treasured is fragile; that’s why they’re treasured in the first place. And so, bonds too.
Distance is a numbing agent to loving and caring, to the oh-so-fragile bonds, I believe. It does things to the closest of closest, inseparable of inseparable. With science marking success in making us believe distance is just an illusion in today’s age, I say that belief is an illusion. Unable to physically reach out to your closest, gradually and painfully weakens that very treasured bond. Fight me on this, but no amount of virtual communication is going to make up for the actual, raw physical intimacy shared when under a common umbrella. You tell me, these illuminated screens will help me substitute them, but I, an avid user of these screens and virtuality, am running out of bonds. Bonds once celebrated, bonds once treasured, bond once unbreakable. You tell me, it’s not the quantity of time spent together rather the quality. But, but, but distance fusioned with passing time gradually yet ultimately weakens those memories. And honey, I can’t always be a part of a tense that isn’t my reality anymore, right? Maybe it’s just me or maybe not. I’m perhaps losing my mind. Apologies for my crudeness but distance, fuck you!