---
title: 'Falling Out of Love'
date: '2019-12-22'
category: 'Prose'
preview: 'If I were asked to pen that very moment down, I’d fail. Not once, not twice, but always. Let’s agree on this, verbal descriptions will probably never make up for the narration of an abstract idea as mystic as love. ‘Love’ – I believe is one of the most overused yet misinterpreted words in ones’ early teen and adulthood years, such that we tend to forget the very essence of it, terming every x, y or z with it......'
---

If I were asked to pen that very moment down, I’d fail. Not once, not twice, but always. Let’s agree on this, verbal descriptions will probably never make up for the narration of an abstract idea as mystic as love. ‘Love’ – I believe is one of the most overused yet misinterpreted words in ones’ early teen and adulthood years, such that we tend to forget the very essence of it, terming every x, y or z with it.
I’ve forever felt even I fail to understand the actual definition of this abstract idea, so I don’t really know if I understand this piece at all. What I do know is, butterflies have been replaced with insecurities, comfort with a weird tension and excitement with the question ‘why’. Perhaps, I fueled it up. I, while mustering up everything it took to overlook all that made me shrink a little on the inside; I should’ve spoken it out then. I could’ve stopped myself from coming to a point where I decided to pen this down. While the cause still remains unknown, the effect is testing every cell of my being. It’s a batlle between the urge to creep back and hold you tight and to let you go. I tend to let go of things before they let go of me. It’s this defense mechanism that’s grown with me. It’s this fear of being the weaker knot in the lot. It’s this fear of abandonment.
Writing helps me at least attempt to untangle the mess in my head and reason my otherwise unreasonable actions. I’ve been told every bond goes through periods of trials, whose resultant is a stronger variation of the same. With every ounce of consolation I manage to muster, I keep chanting the previous sentence. You see, I do not want to lose this. I do not want to lose you. I do not want to lose us.